Adapt RUM server onboarding to include httpd (#27435)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/server.md

The available functionality has the following important limitations:

- If proxying compressed traffic, the Auto-Instrumentation method is not able to inject the JS scriptlet into the HTML traffic.

> - This instrumentation method does not support any [advanced RUM configurations][3]. However, `allowedTracingUrls` and `excludedActivityUrls` are supported for NGINX, Windows IIS, and Apache httpd web servers.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** Since `allowedTracingUrls` and `excludedActivityUrls` are supported by all injectors, maybe there's no need to specify them explicitly.
```suggestion
- This instrumentation method does not support any [advanced RUM configurations][3]. However, `allowedTracingUrls` and `excludedActivityUrls` are supported.
```

> - If the web server is acting as a proxy and the upstream server has end-to-end encryption (like TLS) or content compression (like gzip, zstd, or Brotli) enabled, the module may not inject RUM. Ensure the following for successful instrumentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the web server is acting as a proxy and the upstream server has end-to-end encryption (like TLS) or content compression (like gzip, zstd, or Brotli) enabled, the module may not inject the RUM Browser SDK. Ensure the following for successful instrumentation:
```

The available functionality has the following important limitations:

- If proxying compressed traffic, the Auto-Instrumentation method is not able to inject the JS scriptlet into the HTML traffic.
- This instrumentation method does not support any [advanced RUM configurations][3]. However, `allowedTracingUrls` and `excludedActivityUrls` are supported for NGINX, Windows IIS, and Apache httpd web servers.
- If the web server is acting as a proxy and the upstream server has end-to-end encryption (like TLS) or content compression (like gzip, zstd, or Brotli) enabled, the module may not inject RUM. Ensure the following for successful instrumentation:
  - Content compression is disabled on the upstream server.

>   - The web server is configured to compress the content.

Author: @rtrieu what was your intention behind this line? As of right now it is a bit confusing for me, as it sounds like we're recommending to enable content compression, which shouldn't have an impact on our solution either way.

Reviewer 2: @pablomartinezbernardo my intention was to consolidate this section with the information that was previously under Troubleshooting. We can change it back if this is confusing.

The available functionality has the following important limitations:

- If proxying compressed traffic, the Auto-Instrumentation method is not able to inject the JS scriptlet into the HTML traffic.

> - This instrumentation method does not support any [advanced RUM configurations][3]. However, `allowedTracingUrls` and `excludedActivityUrls` are supported for NGINX, IIS and httpd web servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This instrumentation method does not support any [advanced RUM configurations][3]. However, `allowedTracingUrls` and `excludedActivityUrls` are supported for NGINX, IIS and Apache httpd web servers.
```

> - If acting as a proxy and the upstream server has end-to-end encryption (like TLS) enabled, the module cannot inject RUM. Ensure the web server is set up for TLS origination for successful instrumentation.

Reviewer 2: Can you clarify what might be acting as the proxy here?

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "NGINX" %}}

> The Auto-Instrumentation method leverages the [NGINX Dynamic Modules capability][1] to implement a response body filter. The filter injects the RUM SDK into the response body for responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auto-Instrumentation method leverages the [NGINX Dynamic Modules capability][1] to implement a response body filter. The filter injects the RUM Browser SDK into the response body for responses
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "httpd" %}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% tab "Apache httpd" %}}
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Apache HTTP Server" %}}

> The Auto-Instrumentation method leverages the [Apache httpd Modules capability][1] to implement a response body filter. The filter injects the RUM SDK into the response body for responses

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Auto-Instrumentation method leverages the [Apache httpd Modules capability][1] to implement a response body filter. The filter injects the RUM Browser SDK into the response body for responses
```

Reviewer 2: Do we want to specifically refer to it as RUM Browser SDK for each server for consistency?

Author: @amortemousque thoughts?

identified as HTML. For more granular control over how configuration files or permissions are handled, you can also install Apache httpd Server manually.

[1]: https://httpd.apache.org/modules/

{{% collapse-content title="Automatic installation (recommended)" level="h5" %}}

To automatically instrument your RUM application:

1. In Datadog, navigate to the [**Digital Experience > Add an Application Page**][1] and select the JavaScript (JS) application type.
2. Select **Auto-Instrumentation** and **httpd**.
3. Set your Session and Session Replay sample rates. See [guidance on configuring sampling][2].
4. Copy and run the installer command to load the Datadog httpd Module with the RUM SDK Injector onto httpd.

> 5. After the installer successfully installs the SDK Injector, restart httpd to begin collecting RUM sessions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. After the installer successfully installs the SDK Injector, restart Apache HTTP Server to begin collecting RUM sessions.
```

6. (Optional) To verify the module is successfully injecting the RUM Browser SDK into HTML pages, check the NGINX error logs for relevant messages. The module logs important steps during the injection process. Ensure that httpd is configured with at least the `info` log level.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/list
[2]: /real_user_monitoring/guide/sampling-browser-plans/

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Manual configuration" level="h5" %}}

### Download the module file

1. Download the [zipped module][1].

> 2. Extract the zip to obtain the `mod_datadog.so` file. Move it to a location that httpd has access to (referenced as `<RUM_MODULE_PATH>` in the steps below).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Extract the zip to obtain the `mod_datadog.so` file. Move it to a location that Apache HTTP Server has access to (referenced as `<RUM_MODULE_PATH>` in the steps below).
```

[1]: https://rum-auto-instrumentation.s3.amazonaws.com/httpd/latest/mod_datadog-amd64.zip

> ### Update httpd configuration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Update Apache HTTP Server configuration
```

> ### Update Apache HTTP Server configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Update Apache HTTP server configuration
```

> 1. Locate the configuration file. You can use `apachectl -V` to see the configuration path. Add the following line to load the module:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Locate the configuration file. You can use `apachectl -V` to find the default configuration path. Add the following line to load the module:
```

   ```javascript
   LoadModule datadog_module <RUM_MODULE_PATH>
   ```

> 2. Then in the appropriate **root or location** section, add the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Within the appropriate **root or location** section, add the following:
```

   ```javascript
   # APM Tracing is enabled by default. The following line disables APM Tracing
   DatadogTracing Off
   DatadogRum On
   <DatadogRumSettings>
       DatadogRumOption "applicationId" "<DATADOG_APPLICATION_ID>"
       DatadogRumOption "clientToken" "<DATADOG_CLIENT_TOKEN>"
       DatadogRumOption "site" "<DATADOG_SITE>"
       DatadogRumOption "service" "my-web-application"
       DatadogRumOption "env" "production"
       DatadogRumOption "version" "1.0.0"
       DatadogRumOption "sessionSampleRate" "100"
       DatadogRumOption "sessionReplaySampleRate" "100"
       DatadogRumOption "trackResources" "true"
       DatadogRumOption "trackLongTasks" "true"
       DatadogRumOption "trackUserInteractions" "true"
   </DatadogRumSettings>
   ```

### Restart your server

> 1. Restart the httpd server to begin collecting data for your Datadog RUM application. By default, the RUM SDK is injected to all HTML documents. You may need to clear your browser cache.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Restart the Apache HTTP Server to begin collecting data for your Datadog RUM application. By default, the RUM SDK is injected to all HTML documents. You may need to clear your browser cache.
```

> 2. (Optional) To verify the module is successfully injecting the RUM Browser SDK into HTML pages, check the httpd error logs for relevant messages. The module logs important steps during the injection process. Ensure that httpd is configured with at least the `info` log level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. (Optional) To verify the module is successfully injecting the RUM Browser SDK into HTML pages, check the httpd error logs for relevant messages. The module logs important steps during the injection process. Ensure that Apache HTTP Server is configured with at least the `info` log level.
```

1. Go to your RUM application from the [Application Management][1] list.
2. On the Instrument your application page, adjust the slider or enter a specific percentage in the input box for Session Sampling or Session Replay Sampling.
3. Copy and paste the configuration snippet to your `NGINX.conf` file.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/list

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "httpd" %}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% tab "Apache HTTP Server" %}}
```
